yes
hi hello skeleton ni wings as they are
well today I come giving war with a
new manicure so you are ready
you have prepared the pipe but not you
Do not worry, it 's a joke, no need to take
notes with this manicure but still
I'm going to give you some tips so that
they are better put and lasts a
little bit more we start the manicure without
forget to put a base to avoid
aggression in the nail
here are the words I'm going to use
the manicure this mark is the first time
that I use it and at first sight the colors
have taken more than the account to draw
but it has a finish like plasticized
what I liked
I bought these stickers in the
last fairs of the beauty of Granada
the lives of some distance and I threw
like crazy for them
Too bad there were not the
of the wines of the risks because
sure lives here some speed to
the time to put them the first thing that
we should do is check and measure the
size of the stickers with our
we cut the nails to our measure
taste and we place them with care
considering that we have to
press from the center towards the
contribution of exteriors avoiding that
form wrinkles to press we can
help us with a cotton soaked in
stickers and with a pattern on the
stickers
to remove enciso we can use scissors
a cuticle pusher or our
own fingers doing a little bit of
Pressure
when removing the sticker that
over the tips the best way to
do it with a lime and ojito the lime
it must always be in position
perpendicular to the shape of our nail
we will thus avoid my hand in war and
spoil the way we have given
we apply everything by putting special
attention to the edges and protecting
the tips this is the only way to
that this type of manicure can not hold more
weather
and he was ready for envy have
to tell me if there was ever
used lime water and stickers
stickers are a sack days and we can
get out of trouble from time to time
because they are easy to put on and fast and
I can only invite you to share
your manicures with me and wish you
pass and a good day goodbye
yes